DOCUMENTATION FOR compute_density() IN operations.py

As in CloudCompare, the density of a point is the amount of points surrounding the point within a specified radius.
The function compute_density() will compute the density of the point.

To run this function, run the program compute_features.py. Open a point cloud file and then enter "2" into the
console when prompted to calculate the density of the points in the point cloud.

---

compute_density() computes the density of each point in a given 3D point cloud. Its paramaters and 
return are as follows:

    :param pc: a dataframe containing the xyz portion of the pointcloud
    :param tree: a nearest neighbors tree for all the points
    :param PPEexec: a ProcessPoolExecutor for crunching all the numbers in parallel
    :param radius: the radius in which to search for nearest neighbors
    :param precise: indicates whether density is reported as number of neighbors (True), or as a rougher distance
		based approximation (False)
    :param k: the max number of nearest neighbors to query
    :return: a list of density values with the same length as the number of points

This function first established a query tree for the nearest neighbours and determines arg lists (same as other
functions in the code), then computes the density for each point using the helper function 
_compute_den().

---

_compute_den() is a helper function that computes the density of a single point. It is built to work with the map
function. Its parameters and return are as follows:

    :param pts: The indices of the points within the specified radius of the current point. The length of this list
    		is the only real information necessary.
    :param dd: A list of the distances to the nearest neighbors which align with those in pts.
    :param radius: The radius that was specified to be considered for density.
    :param precise: Indicates whether density is reported as number of neighbors (True),
    		or as a rougher distance based approximation (False).
    :return: The density of the current point as either the number of nearest neighbors or a distance approximation.

This function starts to find the density of a point by finding the between the point of interest and its nearest
neighbour, which is used as an inverse measure of density. If only one point is given in the list 'pts', it is
assumed that the point does not have any nearby neaighbours and therefore has a density of 0. This assumption is
checked by determining if the distance between the point and the nearest neighbour is less than 0.01. The function
then takes the distance to the nearest and computes the density with the following formula:

			          	density = 1 - (distance / radius)

The density is then returned.
